nathan come on let's go but the sky's on
fire
okay we're good yeah
you can see it from here
oh god none of them got called
two days they got it all wrong there's a
[ __ ] ton of fragments on that thing
they're saying that one of them is a
planet killer and now they've grounded
all non-military flights i mean what do
we do
[Music]
i don't even know if the shelter
relocation thing is real
just [ __ ] and you know it
i'm sorry okay i'm sorry it's just just
please give us a call
if you find out anything when you get
there like where we can go to be safe
you know i will admit
[Music]
is this clark this uh interstellar
comment right i mean
big news i don't see clark
oh maybe he's still sleeping dad
some of clark's larger fragments are now
expected to enter our atmosphere
that's right and now these are just what
are they saying more of the same
whoa where are they going
i don't know one of the first chunks is
about to hit
only part of it let's go in the ocean
but you
look at that
wait where's the explosion
we now are getting word that the
fragment has hit
central florida wait are some more
pieces gonna hit
come on let's go put the sky's on fire
two days they got it all wrong there's a
ton of fragments planet killers
space agencies are predicting an
extinction-level event
we're gonna be together all right get
them we're just trying to get to safety
they've been tracking the military
flights to bunkers and greenlight
it's their only chance
[Music]
will hit in less than 24 hours
i swear i'm gonna get my family
i know you will soon
[Music]
if you are hearing this broadcast seek
shelter immediately
what is it what's going on
shelter immediately seek shelter
immediately
[Applause]
[Music]
hey